# COMP7230 Group Project
Winter Semester, 2021

## Group Meetings

### Thurs Sep 9, 2021 - 11:30 AM

#### Attendance
- Jonathon Longden (u7333077)
- Tim Arney (u7378856)

#### Notes
- Setup GitLab project for project management.
- Setup Discord channel for group communication.
- Discussed several project ideas (cf. `IDEAS.md`).

### Thurs Sep 9, 2021 - 4:00 PM

#### Attendance
- Jonathon Longden (u7333077)
- Tim Arney (u7378856)
- Hugh Porter (u7398670)

#### Notes
- Agreed upon plan to formalise idea by Friday, Sep 10, with proposal drafted for Sunday, Sep 12 deadline.
- Discussed several project ideas (cf. `IDEAS.md`).
- Current leading contender is ACT cycling incidents vs weather, endeavour to discuss with Armin during final day of intensive week to better gauge appropriateness of project scope.
